Updated the Prerequisites for OTEL docs (#3612)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/databases/opentelemetry/mysql-opentelemetry.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/databases/mysql.png')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="90" /> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/otel-color.svg')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="45"/>

> The Sumo Logic app for MySQL is a unified logs and metrics app that helps you monitor the availability, performance and resource utilization of MySQL database clusters. Preconfigured dashboards and searches provide insight into the health of your MySQL clusters, replication status, error logs, query performance, slow queries, Innodb operations, failed logins and error logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic app for MySQL is a unified logs and metrics app that helps you monitor the availability, performance and resource utilization of MySQL database clusters. Preconfigured dashboards and searches provide insight into the health of your MySQL clusters, replication status, error logs, query performance, slow queries, Innodb operations, failed logins, and error logs.
```

## Prerequisites

### For metric collection

> For metric collection [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/mysqlreceiver#prerequisites) are the prerequisites.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For metrics collection, you can find the prerequisites [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/mysqlreceiver#prerequisites).
```

        long_query_time=2
  ```

- **[Error Logs](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/error-log.html)**. By default, error logs are enabled and are logged at file specified by the `log_error` key.

- **[Slow Query Logs](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/slow-query-log.html)**. `slow_query_log=1` enables logging of slow queries to the file specified by `slow_query_log_file`. Setting `long_query_time=2` will cause queries that take more than two seconds to execute to be logged. The default value of `long_query_time` is 10 seconds.

- **[General Query Logs](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/query-log.html)**. We don't recommend enabling `general_log` for performance reasons. These logs are not used by the Sumo Logic MySQL app.

  1. Save the `my.cnf` file.

>   2. Restart the MySQL server: `sudo mysql.server restart`.

Reviewer: Fix indenting. These two steps are not indented properly. They should be steps 3 and 4 in the list.
